[Music]
hi I'm Mike low for a digital camera and
this is our test of the panasonic
bluemix f said 48 superzoom this latest
model updates the previous episode 45
that takes initiative to downgrade the
resolution from fourteen point one
megapixels to 12.1 megapixels the new
sensor was a faster afresh rate which
translates into a sonic speed autofocus
system that's also faster than previous
generation models the episode 48 has a
24 times optical zoom that equates to a
wide-angle 25 mil through so long
reaching six hundred mil equivalent as
well as this there's power oh is which
is an optical image stabilization system
to reduce camera shake the latest nano
surface coating also covers the front
glass and helps to further reduce
reflective qualities and therefore
produce pictures with less ghosting and
flare design-wise the 48 looks similar
to the previous 45 model but there are
some notable updates on the back the
3-inch LCD screen is now over four
hundred and sixty thousand resolution
without does the previous two hundred
and thirty dollar j'en above this
there's the same new 0.2 inch 201
thousand dollars on a viewfinder this is
essential for a camera of this type and
it's very useful for adding support
against the face when you're shooting a
longer focal lens in terms of controls
the camera is very well laid out much
like a DSLR in many aspects and it has a
mode dial and variety of OneTouch
buttons to quickly access the settings
and on the rear screen you can quickly
touch the quick menu button in order to
bring up the main set of controls for
adjustment in UCF so 48 has a number of
focusing modes including face detection
subject tracking a 23 area mode where
the camera chooses the focus point and a
1 area option where by pressing the
focus button on top of the camera is
possible to move the point almost any
way around the screen except for a very
slight border to the edge the focusing
system itself is very quick off the mark
and this is a notable improvement over
the previous model as you zoom in this
does slightly slow down but compared to
the other models out there the FSF 48 is
certainly a winner in this department
the camera also has a 1080i HD movie
mode that you can access by pressing the
OneTouch button here or using the mode
pad on top this records at 50 fields per
second and with a data rate of 17
per second which is pretty good for a
compact camera such as this images of
well exposed and vibrant in color the
auto white balance can slip between
color cars rather quickly however even
when shooting the same scene under
subtly changing lights while detail is
reasonable at low ISO settings the level
of processing does give pronounced
textures to edges and details can appear
over compressed this isn't surprising
for a sensor of this size that a
downscale 12.1 megapixel sensor the FSF
$0.45 at fourteen point one megapixels
hasn't exactly had a big impact on the
final image quality as we could have
expected exceed I said 200 and is a
notable increase in softness by ISO 800
it becomes considerably soft edges
lucetta monition and detail is
diminished priced at around 320 pounds
the FSF 48 is well priced and has plenty
to offer his lens ranges up to 600
millimeters which although far-reaching
isn't quite as long as some of the
competition that's out there in terms of
image quality it's a shame that the raw
function is being dropped from the
previous episode 45 model but images are
still of a good quality
this is mainly down to the exposure
being decent the car looking good and
the excellent image stabilization system
that's lens based and helps to stabilize
not only the final image but also
through the viewfinder when in use but
the main feature here is the sonic speed
AF system this new focusing system is
super fast and is useful in action shots
and all other scenarios as well and puts
much of the competition to shame an
assist that really makes the S of 48
stand out overall we gave it 89% and I
recommended award